So hopefully you've finished flashing
the Android image onto the SD card.
And so, first what you wanna do is you
wanna make sure that your DragonBoard is
powered down.
And once you have that in mind,
you want to get your microSD card and
insert it here.
So, once that's inserted,
we're gonna go ahead and turn it on.
>> Whoa, hang on, hang on.
>> Oh.
>> We forgot to change the boot switches.
>> Oh, right, right.
So, that's an important aspect
that I completely forgot and so
we're gonna go ahead and switch that.
So you want to get something kind of small
that will allow you to flip the switches.
So as you can see here,
those are the switches.
>> And we want to put it into
a zero one one configuration.
>> So now that we have that,
we can now safely turn on the DragonBoard.
The light indicates it's booting.
And while it's booting up, you can see
that the lights are on, so that's good.
And if you look at the screen on
the DragonBoard, you'll see that
this new screen pops up,
as opposed to the regular screen, and so
you want to go ahead and click this,
install operating system.
Click on that.
Now, do note that since we
are installing a new operating system,
this will clear the current
operating system with its files.
And so, if you want to do just that,
then click yes.
This may take a few minutes or
seconds, depending on how fast
the DragonBoard can read and
write with the SD card, right?
>> Mm-hm.
>> So after it flashes,
you should receive this message that
the operating system is installed and
what you want to do is, as it says here,
we want to remove the SD card.
And then press OK.
So we're going to go ahead and
take the SD card out, and
it's good, and we're then going
to click OK on the screen.
What should happen now is
the DragonBoard will now reboot, and
because it freshly installed
the Android operating system,
it might take a while for
it to reach the front page.
With that in mind, you've successfully, or
we've successfully, and hopefully you too
as well, have changed the operating system
of your DragonBoard to the Android OS.